Add conda-forge channel to README/Docs (#623)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: doc/sources/get_started.rst

    cd <checkout-dir>
    python setup.py develop

> To install scikit-learn-intelex without the download dependency of daal4py::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install scikit-learn-intelex without downloading daal4py::
```

    cd <checkout-dir>
    python setup_sklearnex.py install --single-version-externally-managed --record=record.txt

> To install scikit-learn-intelex without the download dependency of daal4py in the development mode::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install scikit-learn-intelex without downloading daal4py in the development mode::
```
